detroit-erbside(5) - render inline source code templates
========================================================

## DESCRIPTION

The DNote plug-in for Detroit utilize the Erbside command line tool
to render inline templates in source code files.


## OPTIONS

The following options can be used in the Detroit toolchain file
for defining an Erbside tool.

  * `path` - File paths to render. Default is `lib`.

  * `exclude` - Exclude subpaths of `path`.

  * `ignore` - Ignore subpaths of `path` based on basename of path.

  * `resource` - Resource file(s) to gather metadata from.

  * `prompt` -  Prompt before writing each file.


## EXAMPLES

A common use by the author of this plugin is for insertion of version
number into source code. Say we have the file, `lib/myapp/version.rb`.

    module MyApp
      VERSION = "1.0.0" #:erb: VERSION = "<%= version %>"
    end

Then in the toolchain file:

    erbside:
      path: lib/myapp/version.rb
      resource: .index

Of course, by default the path is `lib` and the resource is `.index`
if present. So a simple:

    erbside:
      active: true

Will likely do the trick.


## RESOURCES

For more information:

  * [API Reference](http://rubydoc.info/gems/detroit-erbside)

  * [Development Site](http://github.com/detroit/detroit-erbside)

  * [Detroit Project](http://detroit.github.com)


## COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2011 Thomas Sawyer, Rubyworks

Detroit Erbside is distributable in accordance with the GPLv3 license.


## SEE ALSO

detroit(1), erbside(1)
